Update "OSS Expectations" (#6551)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/community/resources/oss-expectations.md

Have you seen things in other OSS projects that you quite like, and think we could learn from? [Open a discussion on the dbt Community Forum](https://discourse.getdbt.com), or start a conversation in the [dbt Community Slack](https://www.getdbt.com/community/join-the-community) (for example: `#community-strategy`, `#dbt-core-development`, `#package-ecosystem`, `#adapter-ecosystem`). We always appreciate hearing from you!

## Principles

### Open source is participatory

We all build dbt together -- whether you write code or contribute your ideas. By using dbt, you're invested in the future of the tool, and have an active role in pushing forward the standard of analytics engineering. You already benefit from using code and documentation contributed by community members. Contributing to the dbt community is your way to be an active participant in the thing we're all creating together.

> There's a very practical reason, too: OSS prioritizes our collective knowledge and experience over any one person's. We don't have experience using every database, operating system, security environment, ... We rely on the community of OSS users to hone our product capabilities and documentation to the wide variety of contexts in which it operates. In this way, dbt gets to be the handiwork of thousands, rather than a few dozen.

Reviewer: weird that all the ’ updated to '...

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this has been happening in a lot of older documents. If we keep them as  ’ we start to see Vercel errors too

### We take seriously our role as maintainers of a standard

> As a standard, dbt must be reliable and consistent. Our first priority is ensuring the continued high quality of existing dbt capabilities, before we introduce net-new capabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a standard, dbt must be reliable and consistent. Our first priority is ensuring the continued high quality of existing dbt capabilities before we introduce net-new capabilities.
```

We also believe dbt as a framework should be extensible enough to ["make the easy things easy, and the hard things possible"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl#Philosophy). To that end, we _don't_ believe it's appropriate for dbt to have an out-of-the-box solution for every niche problem. Users have the flexibility to achieve many custom behaviors by defining their own macros, materializations, hooks, and more. We view it as our responsibility as maintainers to decide when something should be "possible" — via macros, packages, etc. — and when something should be "easy" — built into the dbt Core standard.

So when will we say "yes" to new capabilities for dbt Core? The signals we look for include:
- Upvotes on issues in our GitHub repos
- Open source dbt packages trying to close a gap
- Technical advancements in the ecosystem

In the meantime — we'll do our best to respond to new issues with:
- Clarity about whether the proposed feature falls into the intended scope of dbt Core
- Context (including links to related issues)

> - Alternatives/workarounds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Alternatives and workarounds
```

- When possible, pointers to code that would aid a community contributor

### Initiative is everything

Given that we, as maintainers, will not be able to resolve every bug or flesh out every feature request, we empower you, as a community member, to initiate a change.

- If you open the bug report, it's more likely to be identified.
- If you open the feature request, it's more likely to be discussed.
- If you comment on the issue, engaging with ideas and relating it to your own experience, it's more likely to be prioritized.
- If you open a PR to fix an identified bug, it's more likely to be fixed.
- If you comment on an existing PR, to confirm it solves the concrete problem for your team in practice, it's more likely to be merged.

Sometimes, this can feel like shouting into the void, especially if you aren't met with an immediate response. We promise that there are dozens (if not hundreds) of folks who will read your comment, including us as maintainers. It all adds up to a real difference.

## Practicalities

### Discussions

> A discussion is best suited to propose a Big Idea, such as brand-new capability in dbt Core or an adapter. Anyone can open a discussion, add a comment to an existing one, or reply in a thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A discussion is best suited to propose a Big Idea, such as brand-new capability in dbt Core or an adapter. Anyone can open a discussion, comment on an existing one, or reply in a thread.
```

> When you open a new discussion, you're looking for validation from other members of the community — folks who identify with your problem statement, who like your proposed idea, and who may have their own ideas for how it could be improved. The most helpful comments are ones that propose nuances or desirable user experiences to be considered in design and refinement. Unlike an **issue**, there is no specific code change that would “resolve” a Discussion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you open a new discussion, you might be looking for validation from other members of the community — folks who identify with your problem statement, who like your proposed idea, and who may have their own ideas for how it could be improved. The most helpful comments propose nuances or desirable user experiences to be considered in design and refinement. Unlike an **issue**, there is no specific code change that would “resolve” a discussion.
```

> If, over the course of a discussion, we manage to reach consensus on specific elements of a proposed design, we can open new implementation issues that reference the discussion for context. Those issues will connect desired user outcomes to specific implementation details, acceptance testing, and remaining questions that need answering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If, over the course of a discussion, we reach a consensus on specific elements of a proposed design, we can open new implementation issues that reference the discussion for context. Those issues will connect desired user outcomes to specific implementation details, acceptance testing, and remaining questions that need answering.
```

### Issues

An issue could be a bug you've identified while using the product or reading the documentation. It could also be a specific idea you've had for a narrow extension of existing functionality.

#### Best practices for issues

- Issues are **not** for support / troubleshooting / debugging help. Please see [dbt support](/docs/dbt-support) for more details and suggestions on how to get help.
- Always search existing issues first, to see if someone else had the same idea / found the same bug you did.

> - Many dbt repositories offer templates for creating issues, such as when reporting a bug or requesting a new feature. If available, please select the relevant template and fill it out to the best of your ability. This information helps us (and others) understand your issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Many dbt repositories offer templates for creating issues, such as reporting a bug or requesting a new feature. If available, please select the relevant template and fill it out to the best of your ability. This information helps us (and others) understand your issue.
```

##### You've found an existing issue that interests you. What should you do?

Comment on it! Explain that you've run into the same bug, or had a similar idea for a new feature. If the issue includes a detailed proposal for a change, say which parts of the proposal you find most compelling, and which parts give you pause.

##### You've opened a new issue. What can you expect to happen?

In our most critical repositories (such as `dbt-core`), our goal is to respond to new issues as soon as possible. This initial response will often be a short acknowledgement that the maintainers are aware of the issue, signalling our perception of its urgency. Depending on the nature of your issue, it might be well suited to an external contribution, from you or another community member.

> **What if I'm opening an issue in a different repository?** We have engineering teams dedicated to active maintainence of [`dbt-core`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core) and its component libraries ([`dbt-common`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-common) + [`dbt-adapters`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters)), as well as several platform-specific adapters ([`dbt-snowflake`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-snowflake), [`dbt-bigquery`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery), [`dbt-redshift`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift), [`dbt-postgres`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-postgres)). We've open sourced a number of other software projects over the years, and the majority of them do not have the same activity or maintenance guarantees. Check to see if other recent issues have responses, or when the last commit was added to the `main` branch.

Reviewer 2: We're switching POVs in this doc, this might make it more consistent with the perspectives used elsewhere
```suggestion
**What if you're opening an issue in a different repository?** We have engineering teams dedicated to active maintenance of [`dbt-core`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core) and its component libraries ([`dbt-common`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-common) + [`dbt-adapters`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters)), as well as several platform-specific adapters ([`dbt-snowflake`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-snowflake), [`dbt-bigquery`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery), [`dbt-redshift`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift), [`dbt-postgres`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-postgres)). We've open-sourced a number of other software projects over the years, and the majority of them do not have the same activity or maintenance guarantees. Check to see if other recent issues have responses, or when the last commit was added to the `main` branch.
```

> **I'm not sure about the status of my issue.** If your issue is in an actively maintained repo and has a `triage` label attached, we're aware it's something that needs a response. If the issue has been triaged, but not prioritized, this could mean:

Reviewer 2: Same as above 
```suggestion
**You're not sure about the status of your issue.** If your issue is in an actively maintained repo and has a `triage` label attached, we're aware it's something that needs a response. If the issue has been triaged, but not prioritized, this could mean:
```
